chore: automate AI prompt recording in commits (#1320) (#1441)
collective/icalendar: .github/assistant-guidelines.md

---
version: "0.0.8"
---

> # Assistant Guidelines for `.prompts` Storage

Reviewer: Sentence case.

```suggestion
# Assistant guidelines for `.prompts` storage
```

  - `HH-MM-SS` is the current time.
  - `raptor-mini-preview` is the model name.
    Replace this model name with the actual AI model that you use.
  - Use `date +%Y-%m-%d%H-%M-%S` to get the current date and time.
- File content must contain only the raw prompt text from the user.
- Do not add headings, bullets, annotations, or any markup.
- Do not store assistant responses or metadata inside these files.
- If a file name already exists, choose the next available sequence number.
- If `.prompts/` does not exist, create it.
- `.prompts/committed` is reserved for prompts that are already included in commit messages.
  - Do not create new user prompt files in `.prompts/committed`.
  - Do not duplicate `.prompts/committed` entries as files directly in `.prompts/`.
- Do not use `/memories/` or any workspace-local memory for this storage rule.
- For a fresh clone, use this file as the canonical instruction source.
- If the user asks to store new prompts, then assure there is one file for each and all of the uncommitted prompts of that session.
  - Read the latest prompt file and find the prompts in your memory. Then store all prompts that came after this.

>     - Use this commands to find the latest prompt file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Use the following command to find the latest prompt file:
```
